well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we're gonna talk about a
Florida man sheriff's race kind of
political campaign that could only occur
in this state yeah especially for a law
enforcement office before we get into
that though odds are if you're watching
this you might be from Florida we're
moving into hurricane season get
prepared stay prepared don't wait for it
to show up on radar the agencies that
normally respond to emergencies are
tapped out there's not going to be help
coming like normal okay before we get
into the meat of this I need to say I'm
not from Broward County that is not my
County I don't have a dog in this race I
don't know either one of these guys
other than what's widely available in
the press never met either one of them I
am NOT a particular fan of governor
DeSantis who is the person who yanked
one of them out of office and put the
other one in I just want to provide an
average Florida man's opinion of this
developing news story slash scandal
scandal in any other state okay
so if you're not aware after the
incident at parkland at that school the
governor yanked sheriff Israel out of
office installed Sheriff Tony Tony had a
little bit of experience dealing with
this type of stuff
now as Florida politics demands these
two guys are running against each other
now in a primary down there and just
like clockwork as the election nears a
scandal emerges and the scandal is that
apparently twenty something years ago
when sheriff Tony was 14 living in
Philadelphia in the battle ins there was
an incident with a dealer dealer came
after him and another youth sure Tony
took his dad's weapon popped it
that that that's something that gives
you a Florida man card right there
welcome to the state okay the case was
ruled self-defense
according to reports and was reportedly
sealed Sheriff Tony apparently didn't
disclose the contents of a sealed case
during his hiring process that's the
scandal I'm far more curious as to how a
stilled juvenile case from another state
managed to become public knowledge right
at the time of election that to me is
far more interesting because I'm certain
there was no corruption there whatsoever
yeah that's straight Florida more
importantly I don't think the political
strategist behind this move thought this
through because now the race is between
the guy who oversaw the Parkland
response with all that that entails the
guy widely worth seen as being
responsible for that response
or lack thereof everybody remembers the
cop waiting outside so the race is
between him and a dude who had Fort day
improved heat active kids were in
trouble
I think this through this dude's gonna
win in a landslide I've tried to film
this like six times and I can't get
through it without laughing this is the
most Florida thing ever
the fact that some political strategists
thought that this would be a mark
against Sheriff Tony people were going
to turn out in droves for him the guy
responsible for protecting their kid
and that's why he was put there he's
demonstrated he will and at a very young
age in comparison to the person who got
yanked by the governor I'm fairly
certain that this didn't get the proper
amount of thought before they decided to
move forward with it again I'm not
endorsing either one of these guys I'm
just getting a Ford of view of that
situation I don't think anybody's gonna
care the 20-something years ago he
engaged in self defense this is Florida
anyway it's just a thought y'all have
good night